checklist to make sure every thing was developed and the achitecture is top enterpice grade. add other feature, settings and logic that are neccesary for this build. add a simple google or apple signin configuration, connect two factore authentification, password updating after email signup so the next time they leave and want to log in, the just use the very google signup or use thier google account and password. update pop up meessage with reminder to create a strong password after google only signin with a message saying please update your password, you wont be able to log back in on your next session. make sure all google acounts are checked and verified o make sure one user dosent use the same google acount twice to sign up and check to see the google account exist in the database before signin with password and email if not throw error and link them back to creating and account in seconds with google only signup, if it exist secces message, and welcome back to wizardry. delate accoun button in the settings tab and log out button in the profile tab, history tab shows like preview and decisions, dialog the ai model made before concluding this feature only avaliable for advance and interpise plans. enterprise plan isent unlimited, it has a higher token but still uses the 3 divided by 1000 role per scans. media input and paste video url can work together as one or sepreate searches but still follow the subcription limite. recomedation here would be both url and video for best result so the model can look at the url and the video at once then determin if its fake or not from the web and deepweb verified sources. this also aveliable only for enterprice and advace users subscription tiers, the other just use either link or video for scanning. message preview when analizere is working with pop up text animation explaning what stage the ai analizer is in in a clean way. once complited notifications. live live link , image and video preview from anilizer scan history for advance and enterprice users. then finally structure everything and give me a clean zip file download. i mean zip file .zip